What is libraries and framework?
Library : It is a set of  specific and well-defined operations.
A library provides a set of helper functions/objects/modules which your application code calls for specific functionality
code reuse is the main purpose.

Examples : Network protocols, compression, image manipulation, string utilities, regular expression evaluation, math etc

Framework: It defines a skeleton where the application defines its own features to fill out the skeleton.
Examples of frameworks: Web application system, Plug-in manager, GUI system. 
The framework only defines the concept but an application further defines the functionality that is useful for end-users.
Inversion of control: When we call a method from a library, we are in control. But in framework, the control is inverted i.e. the framework calls us.


What spring framework offers?

1.Application context and dependency Injection.
Two main functions of Spring container
-create and manage objects(Inversion of Control)
-Inject Object Dependencies(Dependency Injection)--injecting the helper object in your class for doing some functionality
    --most common types of Injections constructor Injection and setter injection
2.JDBC-spring takes care of connectivity,querying,transaction management and more
3.Spring MVC-ability to easily build web applications
Basically spring is a ecosystem in which you have different projects e.g Spring security ,spring ws etc. 


3 ways of configuring spring container
-xml config
-java annotations
-java source code

Spring dev technique
step1-configure youre beans
 --spring bean is simply a java object,created by spring container
step2-create spring container
--generally known as ApplicationContext
--specialized Implementations are-
    ClassPathXmlApplicationContext
    AnnotaionConfigApplicationContext
    etc
step3-retrieve bean from Spring container


Injecting literal values in spring app-
Step1.Create setter methods in your class
Step2.Configure values in beans in config files e.g.
		<property name="team" value="MI"></property>

Injecting values from properties file
Step1.Create prop file
Step2.Load prop file in spring config---e.g. 		<context:property-placeholder location="classpath:sport.properties"/>

Step3.Ref values from prop file --		<property name="team" value="${foo.team}"></property>

